#URL Shortener in Python on Replit; an online cloud based platform.
This project has been created on flask webframework, packages that need to be installed are: flask , sqlAlchemy_flask.
Other than main.py, these files had been utilized by this project: 

**poetry.lock:** Automatically generated by Poetry to lock dependencies to specific versions for reproducible builds. Run the following commands in the shell:
                 # to install packages with poetry
                 poetry install
                 # to add any new dependency
                 poetry add <your_package_name>
**project.toml:** Created by Poetry to configure the project, including its metadata and dependencies.
**requirements.txt:** Typically used with pip to list dependencies, either created manually or generated using pip add.
                # If you need a requirements.txt for compatibility reasons
                poetry export -f requirements.txt --output requirements.txt
                
Moreover, I got an error while running this project 
Internal Server Error 501: This is a generic error which may indicate a problem with the server-side logic or database connection.
I had resolved this error while following these steps:
   Opening tools section from the side navigation panel.
   Click on the secrets button, the secrets tab will be open in the shell on the right side.
   There will be two labels : key and value.
   Add new secret by writing 'Flask-env' in key label and 'development' in the value label 
   Click on Add Secret Button.
   Open shell tab and run this command in it: 'Python main.py' or 'Flask run'
   
   

